Of course this lecture we're going to go over and notations what they are.
You should put it off and you should do it you a.
You could do it all the time.
And Haitians are incredibly important because when you pass on your modelling wireframe is there's always
going to be a gap of information.
Now why is it good explaining what does what looks like what.
There's always gonna be something missing in nothing interactions.
Why put something away if you try to make some good of this customer different than was usual was out
of patience.
Now the whole point is lecture's comments everything Fiocco indications Commons and I'm sure you have
the appropriate way of doing it.
Now it's important to understand how they work and how fast your ass works when you ask for your number
to do it and then it's going to depend on who you're showing it to and what way you are showing what
you show to you.
Now wireframe that's different then if you have a show key and there's a different way to handle that.
So with that being said.
So now keep in mind that when you're putting notations comments all extra side notes aren't particularly
helpful when you're showing them to a customer.
A customer is not really going to be interested in that.
They really just want to look at it you don't need a physical description next to it it's really hard
to balance that especially if you're someone who's not used to looking at these what you typically will
use these for would be for instance like showing your developer a page and something you were able to
replicate something.
So what you'd want to do is add a comment or some type of postscripts so they can read about it and
read and see what's changed now if you look at any of the wireframe that I've made I always put columns
where I put text in it.
Now I do that with balsamic and I would do what I usually do.
So if you skip ahead and look at the bosonic lectures what I do is I just add a comment on the side.
Now that's something that's works in balsamic but that's because bosonic really only exports to a PTF
you I really like when I use a bosonic you're just going to have a piece of paper that you show people.
Now what Pinocchio that's not really how they roll.
They've made their entire system so that when you display it to someone you can simulate it being on
a page simulate it being on a phone and trying to make it look is exact to what it how it should fit
on a phone how it should fit on a web page.
So you can't really do things like that.
You put a big block on the side and everyone just knows there's side comments.
Different way of doing it.
Most Whyfor tools have their own way of handling this.
This is just the specific one to Pinocchio.
So the way that you want to do this is pretty simple.
One way of doing it is you go up to your actual page and it's literally right here.
So you put your notes here and this is where I like to list out things that they need to be aware of.
And trust me if you're not putting notes then you're not thinking this through correctly.
One I would like to explain what's going on with that logo.
I could say I created a sketch of the logo and then I could describe what it is I like about that kind
of scatch what I don't like about it what were my ideas for it roughly.
So I imagine the logo having something to do with beer and having initials.
Were open to ideas.
OK.
So that's helpful specifically for the graphic designer.
It will be helpful for the developer just to see what's coming up next.
Here is where you could do is you could explain some interactivity.
You could say you know I could say for instance that form on the right hand side depending on what pages
are coming from should have different letters or different questions or something like that.
Or maybe I could say like the phone number should validate in a specific way.
Now what do you mean by validation validation is like when I go to the input for phone number and I
type in you know 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 and I put an extra number what it's going to do is it's going to look
for a typical phone number format.
And if I don't give it that that it's going to say something's wrong.
So what it does is it forces your users to not give you fake information.
It also makes it really helpful because your users might typo so it stops them from typing.
If they type on their phone number it's a worthless entry.
So that's a side note.
But what I could say is we use a phone number for Keeshan.
Now these notes what they're going to do is they're going to show up on the export.
So when I export this in any different way depending on which one I choose these will show up in the
document next lecture.
I want to show you how we do exporting really kind of cool different ways that you can do it.
One of the expert techniques.
We'll send it to PTF.
And in that PTF it has all sorts of organisation and Mark Mark markup showing your developer any comments
or anything that's going on.
So it creates a package for users really helpful.
Yes.
Anyway I would put really anything that I thought was useful I might mention that the submit button
should have round corners or something like that
obviously you can make those.
So all you have to do is use a different static stencil to use this eclipse and then you change the.
You use this button right here to change the rounding of the corners anyway so use these as much as
you can put as much detail as you possibly can.
Take a second look at your page and look for things that you are assuming are going to happen that are
in your head but are not physically on the page.
Now you're not always going to be talking to the person you show this to.
So you want them to be able to look at it later and know exactly what's going on and not have any gaps
in their understanding because it'll frustrate them they'll stop looking at it you're not going to get
the feedback you want another way of doing it is to literally use the quote go in the core stencils
and there's a section called Calment.
I literally just put it right there and it looks like a sticky note.
So you know it's you could say really anything.
I would say let's say that they're welcome text is dynamic text based off of keyword word that's gibberish
but that would be something maybe I tell a developer.
So I'd like put it right there so they know that that right there is dynamic.
I don't typically like using these last.
For some reason what's happened is I've created entire wireframe I've x4 to send it to them that questions
and it's supposed to like explain to them in text what I could do is physically paste this over or whatever
they have questions about and say you know this is what I need to change.
This is what I was talking about.
And so realistically you'd have like tons of these just stuck on here pointing out things they're kind
of annoying because they cover up what you're looking at but they're one of the many ways you can do
it the last way of doing it is kind of similar to the way you'd mark up something in like preview on
a Macintosh in OS 10.
What I do is this is actually what I do which is kind of goofy.
I don't always do the right things so don't follow me to the t create or figure out whatever works for
you the best.
This is what I like doing so if I send a wireframe to say developer and they have all these questions
that for some reason it just didn't explain very well what I'll do is I'll pull these over and I will
go ahead and change the color so they stick out.
So I could pick semitransparent and put the borders you know something that sticks out is orange or
something like that.
So there isn't a white semitransparent is because if I want to stick it over something you can see what's
going on.
So I could use this as a focus point.
So if they're asking a question they don't clearly understand what button number fering to or something
like that I can do this and you know say grow it so it covers whatever I'm talking about.
Stick it there then I'll put text right next to it.
Similarly what you can do is just use a white background
you go and literally just paste text on top of it put in an arrow to point to whatever I'm talking about
or paste text inside of a.
So I'd say like fix this
and this is a easy way of entertaining.
This is typically how you would do it in Preview but it's very very basic.
And so whenever I export that that is going to be you can't ignore that.
Literally what I would do.
You also use this as a helpful tool say for instance if you want to emulate another Web site you could
use the background technique we learned in the previous lecture and then put little dots and arrows
pointing to what you like why you like it.
That's actually a pretty interesting way of doing it.
But for the most part here it's just helpful for marking it up.
I don't use this for like revisions.
I put the majority of your side comments somewhere else.
And if you for instance are letting someone access your account what you could do is turn this into
its own layer and then just have a layer called comments.
That's one way of doing it a little Geto but that's kind of the thing with low fidelity wireframe that
it's all kind of hacked together.
We just want to focus on getting it done getting it done quickly in the next lecture I'm going to show.
So in the next lecture I'm actually going to spend a little bit of time and create a really simple mockup
for the happy hour mobile app that we talked about.
And then I'm going to use that to show you how these simulations and the exports work on go to see what
options you have.
I'm not going to show you simulates simulations exports and sharing through this little scratchpad that
I threw together because it'll just look ridiculous and not really going to get the point across.
So I'd like to actually build something from scratch and then show you it.
So see in the next lecture.